hello everybody this is chill Billy and
this bastard here is the virus on plague
inky bald
we're going to go ahead and get started
here real fast pop over no genes normal
difficulty and chill Billy with tits go
ahead get over here and we're going to
start it in Saudi Arabia press Start hit
the first bubble and speed it up alright
so a virus this means that it randomly
mutates rapidly and can be hard to
control it costs day/night points to
devolve so we're going to avoid that by
allowing symptoms to be made
we're doing it a little bit different
this time we want to devolve the deadly
ones but the thing since it gets kind of
discovered anyway we're just going to go
ahead and allow it to evolve we're going
to go ahead and go to our abilities get
drunk one
twenty-one points we're just going to go
ahead and go over here get into air one
19 points let's go ahead and get over
here and go ahead get hot resist or he
breeze is ready
when one points again let's go ahead and
get air knocked out there 30-point go
ahead bill here to get water let's see
what better symptoms here
in order to
go ahead and pop some points over into
drug two and we can go ahead and get
research one there forty two points
let's go ahead and put some points over
here to heat two and let's get cold one
guess 6671 points let's go ahead and get
over here into environmental harm then
we're going to take cold to good in
Braunau Hartman
with blood 1 and go in your blood too
I will get 106 points there we're going
to go ahead and get that research to
there go ahead and get that generic
genetic research uh ville
should just yeah there would go we've
got to everybody infected there let's go
ahead and kill their asses off go into
target total organ failure there if you
didn't make it go ahead and go and find
your way to the tour total organ failure
and then you know spend some points to
to get it there if you don't have very
many points
just let the Cure kind of roll out
you'll be ok and go ahead and pop over
into genetic reshuffle and go ahead and
pop that down once you have some points
for
if you want you can go ahead and spend
your remaining points or you can hang on
Touma doesn't really matter
and there you go you have killed
everybody and it's good to go I thank
you guys for watching we'll see you next
time